This is the kick-off meeting for the day. we're the new group to create a new remote control for Real Reaction. As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting,. become acquainted with each other,. have a little training on tools,. create a plan,. and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total. The new remote control is to be original, trendy and user-friendly. That, Steph, is your part, is the user-friendliness. The originality is gonna take all of us. the trendiness we'll probably go look at for some marketing research information from you, Sarah. we'll have a functional design individual work with meeting and then conceptual design and then detailed design. Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard. Kate, why don't you try it first, if you can either bring your things with you, I guess. we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well,. 'cause we're all gonna have to be able to walk around.
You want an animal and the characteristics of that animal. Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat.
I think it's to get us used to using the pen. Not a mouse, a rat. And I think your pen's running out of whatever. we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this. and this remote control has to be sold we're to sell it for twenty five Euros,. with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million Euros. That tells you something about how many we have to sell on an international scale. would be like what, a hundred million of them to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million. the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item. if they cost twelve and a half, you're selling it for twenty five, you're making twelve and a half Euros each. and we're to make a profit of fifty million,
I was just wondering if that's the If fifty percent is normal. I would think would be more like sixty percent.
You gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that. In order to make fifty million Euros, and you're only getting twelve and a half each. four million. You'd have to sell four million. Experience with a remote control. Any of you use of remote control for a television or DVD or something?
That that that's the sorta product we're talking about, one that will work for a in a home environment, for a T_V_s and
I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time,. but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated. and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another.
That you always sit around you know, you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something, there's five different remotes, and one for the DVD and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else.
And they don't always talk to each other.
But I presume this is I presume this is just for television.
We could make a Hello Kitty
I think one in bright colours would be good.
I think one that works would be good.
We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation. I mean there's also the cachet that the Japanese make great products.
I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions. Like I've got one at home. that has well, apart from the obvious, channels, channel up, channel down, volume,. you know, subtitles, mute, there's a lotta buttons that I've got no idea what they do, like.
That's a really good point,. because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate, we tend to go to menus and then make choices,. so if it's like an volume button, you know, you can go in and say mute or or volume. We don't need to have like the the numbers if we also have channel up channel down. We can make it smart like an iPod,. make everything menus.
Closing the meeting.
I know this sounds like it was very quick,. I think that's the industrial design is the first one,. that's Kate, for the working design. And user, that's you Steph, for the technical functions design,. and for marketing the user requirements specification. we have to help each other. and work through this as a group,. as it says, we're gonna get individual instructions,. and we should finish this meeting at ni right now